# Artistic-Installation-
Our work is related to the design of a temporary art installation for the former Oasis camping site in Eleusina. As for the form of this installation, having as our goal from the beginning the design of constructions that would connect with the environment of the site and harmonize with the surrounding landscape, we started studying its natural and artificial elements. Through this study, and focusing on the natural environment, we noticed that there are various species of trees such as eucalyptus, palms and pines. The pines and especially the pine cone, caught our interest quite a bit and so we decided to experiment based on its shape. We started by accurately capturing its structure and studying it in all the phases it goes through until we reached its final form. We had in mind from the beginning that this particular art installation would ideally have a direct relationship with the natural environment and give the opportunity to young and old people to interact with it. For this reason, we decided that the structure would function as a small urban garden, where visitors would have the opportunity to plant and cultivate their own plants or herbs. The structure has an approximately circular shape on the perimeter of which there is a seat for rest and relaxation, while externally it is surrounded by leaves, small units of curved plywood wood, like the pine cone itself, which are also those that will host plants and various herbs. The construction consists of various pieces of plywood wood which are cut on a CNC machine and then assembled using angles and screws.
